spec/user-space.md, before:

# Cavern Basic User Space

## Components

### Services
- "the egg"
    - bootstraps the system
    - starts the ramdisk driver (from the ramdisk)
        - could just *be* the ramdisk driver
    - spawns the resource registery
    - spawns/supervises root supervisor
    - starts drivers based on device tree
- Resource Registery
    - maintain unified namespace for resources
    - allows for service discovery
- Supervisor
    - spawn processes from a configuration
    - send children initial configuration information
    - restart children on exit based on policy
- Logging
    - Collector
        - collects logs from the rest of the system (including the kernel)
        - distributes log events to sinks
    - Serial Console Sink
        - formats/prints log events to vTTY
- virtual TTY

### Drivers
- UART
- in-memory file system for initial ramdisk

## Basic RPC Protocol
System services follow this RPC protocol for message sending.

Each message has a header that contains:

- a 4-bit standard message type. Current value are: Request, ProxiedRequest, Response, Notification.
- a 28-bit message opcode. This is interpreted by the receiver, and should determine the exact procedure/method invoked for Requests/Notifications and the result code (ok/error) for Responses.
- a 32-bit correlation ID.
    This value is generated by senders of Requests, and copied to the relevant Response that is sent back.
    This field is unspecified for Notifications and should be available for applications.
- for ProxiedRequests, the process and thread IDs to send the response to (64-bits total, 32-bits each).

Commit message:

Make Message Queues Independent of Threads (#49)
* update kernel spec

* update API to reflect spec

* update send

* update receive

* refactor process manager into three

* test: update unit tests to align with ThreadManager and QueueManager refactor

* refactor

* clean up

* fix tests

* refactor exits

* make sure to check if the queue is owned

* free queues on process kill

* split up syscall tests, add tests from o3

* refactor: Ensure mock managers live long enough in system call tests

* add some more o3 generated tests

* update user_code

* fix kernel itself

* fix egg

* fix more things

* make check pass, mostly

* fix warnings etc

* use talc for kernel Rust heap

* improve handle map, more tests

* use lock for pending receive queue; fix bugs

* actual talc heap impl

* fix lints

* fix tests

spec/user-space.md, after:

# Cavern Basic User Space

## Components

### Services
- "the egg"
    - bootstraps the system
    - starts the ramdisk driver (from the ramdisk)
        - could just *be* the ramdisk driver
    - spawns the resource registery
    - spawns/supervises root supervisor
    - starts drivers based on device tree
- Resource Registery
    - maintain unified namespace for resources
    - allows for service discovery
- Supervisor
    - spawn processes from a configuration
    - send children initial configuration information
    - restart children on exit based on policy
- Logging
    - Collector
        - collects logs from the rest of the system (including the kernel)
        - distributes log events to sinks
    - Serial Console Sink
        - formats/prints log events to vTTY
- virtual TTY

### Drivers
- UART
- in-memory file system for initial ramdisk

## Basic RPC Protocol
System services follow this RPC protocol for message sending.

Each message has a header that contains:

- a 4-bit standard message type. Current value are: Request, Response, Notification.
- 28 bits are reserved for future use
- a 32-bit message opcode. This is interpreted by the receiver, and should determine the exact procedure/method invoked for Requests/Notifications and the result code (ok/error) for Responses.
- a 32-bit correlation ID.
    This value is generated by senders of Requests, and copied to the relevant Response that is sent back.
    This field is unspecified for Notifications and should be available for applications.
- a 32-bit response destination message queue ID (optional, required for requests).
